feat: update Users guide - getting started with Docker to v2 (#457)
edgexfoundry/edgex-docs: docs_src/getting-started/Ch-GettingStartedUsers.md

In each edgex-compose branch, you will find several Docker Compose files (all with a .yml extension).  The name of the file will suggest the type of EdgeX instance the Compose file will help setup.  The table below provides a list of the Docker Compose filenames for the latest release (Ireland).   Find the Docker Compose file that matches:

- your hardware (x86 or ARM)
- your desire to have security services on or off

|filename|Docker Compose contents|
|---|---|
|docker-compose-arm64.yml|Specifies x86 containers, uses Redis database for persistence, and includes security services|
|docker-compose-no-secty-arm64.yml|Specifies ARM 64 containers, uses Redis database for persistence, but does not include security services|
|docker-compose-no-secty.yml|Specifies x86 containers, uses Redis database for persistence, but does not include security services|
|docker-compose.yml|Specifies x86 containers, uses Redis database for persistence, and includes security services|

> |docker-compose-no-secty-with-ui-arm64.|Specifies the EdgeX user interface extension to be used with the ARM 64 EdgeX platform|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|docker-compose-no-secty-with-ui-arm64.|Same as docker-compose-no-secty-arm64.yml but also includes EdgeX user interface|
```

> |docker-compose-no-secty-with-ui.yml|Specifies the EdgeX user interface extension to be used with the x86 EdgeX platform|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|docker-compose-no-secty-with-ui.yml|Same as docker-compose-no-secty.yml but also includes EdgeX user interface|
```

|docker-compose-portainer.yml|Specifies the Portainer user interface extension (to be used with the x86 or ARM EdgeX platform)|

### Download a EdgeX Foundry Compose File
Once you have selected the release branch of edgex-compose you want to use, download it using your favorite tool.  The examples below uses *wget* to fetch Docker Compose for the Ireland release with no security.

=== "x86"
    ```

>     wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edgexfoundry/edgex-compose/main/docker-compose-no-secty.yml -O docker-compose.yml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edgexfoundry/edgex-compose/ireland/docker-compose-no-secty.yml -O docker-compose.yml
```

    ```
=== "ARM"
    ```

>     wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edgexfoundry/edgex-compose/main/docker-compose-no-secty-arm64.yml -O docker-compose.yml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edgexfoundry/edgex-compose/ireland/docker-compose-no-secty-arm64.yml -O docker-compose.yml
```
